

BUGS:
--------
DONE  In GUI when drawing line from first port in multi-port attribute, dropping on canvas, the connection is made to the last dot.
OK when connecting directly.

DONE For attributes/references with multiplicity > 1, do NOT allow multiple lines from end point, but only  allow creation of multiple endpoints, as this makes ordering explicit. In GUI add support for arrays of datatypes somehow..
In particular, since order may be important, allow creating multiple output ports and allow a SINGLE link from each port when creating values.
DO NOT allow multiple lines form single port! As that makes it basically impossible to indicate the order.

??? Must store info on roles that have been given multiple endpoints.

DONE REMOTEREFERENCE not generated properly.

NEW FEATURES:
------------------------
Validate 'target' in ormreferences

Consider using only composition for CONTAINER as well?

POSTPONED Use __vot__: as model iso vo-dml

Support OPTIONMAPPING

DONE (give description as well): Give more information about types, including all super types. 

DONE Give option to open info about type in HTML.

DONE Deal with subsetting.

When giving list of types to drop check that not only subtypes of declared type *from the same model* are included. 

??? May also want to allow writing of literal for single.

In votable, ensure all attributes with given role are in same ATTRIBUTE/REFERENCE

DONE Get list of pre-defined models from server iso hardcoding on JS.

Support multi select for moving etc

??? Support popup to identify a line's start/endpoint

DONE The choose-type popup when a line is dropped on the canvas, should choose the type automatically when only one is available

QUESTION should we add datalink to ivoa model, or make separate VO-DML model?

When generating VOTable mapping for actual VOTable, include the latter's data parts and all other annotations. 

When generating VOTable for actual VOTable, ensure no mixup in IDs on FIELDs etc

Make VODMLMapper use SciServer's authentication (AND authorization?)
